What's his name?
What's wrong, Miss Xu?
Have you heard of this name?
Yes, but you must be mistaken.
My husband doesn't know any art
He is just an ordinary rural person
Sister Cher
In fact, I still have a place to find her
Why don't you go and see with me?
What if it's true?
Sister Cher
Ah, Shuangshuang, I won't go
I still have a lot of work to do
OK.
What's your trouble?
It's okay, I'll go first, Sister Cher
Chinese brother
Why did you open your business and don't tell me?
I opened a small bathroom
Nothing.
That can't be done.
How about I treat you to grilled fish?
Yes, uh, I'll treat you
Good idea.
Anyone else?
What to bring
I'm new here.
No relatives or friends
Well, wait for me.
I'll change clothes
Lu Bing, the medicine is all tea
Customers will come to eat in a while